\input texinfo @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename hebcal.info
@settitle Jewish Calendar
@finalout
@setchapternewpage odd
@c %**end of header

@include version.texi

@copying
This file documents the @code{hebcal} command for printing a
greeting message.

Copyright (C) 1994-2004 Danny Sadinoff

Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of
this manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice
are preserved on all copies.

@ignore
Permission is granted to process this file through TeX and print the
results, provided the printed document carries copying permission
notice identical to this one except for the removal of this paragraph
(this paragraph not being relevant to the printed manual).
@end ignore

Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the entire
resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a permission
notice identical to this one.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute translations of this manual
into another language, under the above conditions for modified versions,
except that this permission notice may be stated in a translation approved
by the Foundation.
@end copying

@ifinfo

@dircategory Greeting Printing Program
@dircategory Mail Reader
@dircategory Programming

@direntry
* Hebcal: (hebcal).       A perpetual Jewish calendar
@end direntry

@c old settings:
@c INFO-DIR-CATEGORY Invoking Hebcal
@c INFO-DIR-CATEGORY Using Hebcal
@c 
@c START-INFO-DIR-ENTRY
@c * Hebcal: (hebcal).       A perpetual Jewish calendar
@c END-INFO-DIR-ENTRY
@end ifinfo


@titlepage
@title Hebcal
@subtitle A jewish perpetual calendar.
@subtitle Edition @value{EDITION}, for Hebcal Version @value{VERSION}
@subtitle @value{UPDATED}
@author by Danny Sadinoff

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying

@end titlepage

@node Top, , , (dir)

@ifinfo
This file documents the the @code{hebcal} command to print a
Jewish calendar.
@end ifinfo

@menu
* Copying::		How you can copy and share @code{hebcal}.
* Overview::		Preliminary information.
* Sample::		Sample output from @code{hebcal}.
* Invoking hebcal::	How to run @code{hebcal}.
* Problems::		Reporting bugs.
* Concept Index::	Index of concepts.
@end menu

@node Copying, Overview, , Top
@include gpl.texi

@node Overview, Sample, Copying, Top
@chapter Overview
@cindex greetings
@cindex overview

The @code{hebcal} program produces a Jewish calendar in various
formats, but by default in a format suitable for input to @code{calendar}.

@code{hebcal} was written by Danny Sadinoff, with major contributions by 
Michael Radwin.  Hebcal is, at root, a port of the GNU Emacs Calendar lisp
code by Edward M. Reingold and Nachum Dershowitz.

@node Sample, Invoking hebcal, Overview, Top
@chapter Sample Output
@cindex sample

Here are some realistic examples of running  @code{hebcal}.

 FIXME 

@example
This is Hebcal, 
Usage: hebcal [OPTION]
  -h, --help          display this help and exit
  -v, --version       display version information and exit
  -t, --traditional   use traditional greeting format
  -m, --mail          print your mail

Report bugs to @email{hebcal-bugs@@sadinoff.com}
@end example

This is the output of the command @samp{hebcal --traditional}:

@example
FIX
@end example

@node Invoking hebcal, Problems, Sample, Top
@chapter Invoking @code{hebcal}
@cindex invoking
@cindex version
@cindex options
@cindex usage
@cindex help
@cindex getting help

The format for running the @code{hebcal} program is:

@example
hebcal @var{option} @dots{}
@end example

@code{hebcal} supports the following options:

@table @samp
@item --help
@itemx -h
Print an informative help message describing the options and then exit.

@item --version
@itemx -v
Print the version number of @code{hebcal} on the standard error output
and then exit.

@item --traditional
@itemx -t
@cindex traditional
@cindex modern
Use the traditional greeting message @samp{hebcal, world} rather 
than the more modern @samp{Hebcal, world!}.

@item --mail
@itemx -m
@cindex mail
@cindex creeping feature
@cindex feature, creeping
@cindex feeping creature
@cindex creature, feeping
Print your mail on the standard output.
@end table

@node Problems, Concept Index, Invoking hebcal, Top
@chapter Reporting Bugs
@cindex bugs
@cindex problems

If you find a bug in GNU @code{hebcal}, please send electronic mail
to @email{hebcal-bugs@@sadinoff.com}.  Include the version
number, which you can find by running @w{@samp{hebcal version}}.  Also
include in your message the output that the program produced and the
output you expected.  Alternatively you can submit the bug via GitHub at
@code{https://github.com/mjradwin/hebcal} @refill

If you have other questions, comments or suggestions about 
@code{hebcal}, contact Danny Sadinoff via electronic mail to
@email{danny@@sadinoff.com}.  

@node Concept Index, , Problems, Top
@unnumbered Concept Index

@cindex tail recursion
@printindex cp

@shortcontents
@contents
@bye

@c hebcal.texi ends here
